# October 4, 2023

Hello Everyone,

I hope this reaches you all well! This last quarter seems to have flown by, and
it's time for another quarterly meeting. I've included the Doodle link to find a
time. Please try to respond by the end of this week. My goal is to solidify the
date and send out the invites next week.

LINK TO DOODLE

Also note that during this meeting we'll be holding elections for the following:

- Chair
- Secretary
- Technical Advisor

So if you're interested in of these, please let me know.

Chris

# October 9, 2023

Hello Everyone,

Just a quick reminder to please fill out the Doodle.  Only one of you have so
far, which makes planning quite difficult. I'll let this open another couple
days in order to get a bit more input before landing on a day.

Thanks!

Chris 

# October 13, 2023 

Hello Everyone,

So the date that we landed on that worked best for those of you that answered is
Tuesday Oct. 17th from 5-7pm. You should have received a calendar invite. Please
also find the link below:

Zoom

There will be an agenda forthcoming. I look forward to seeing everyone!

Chris

# October 17, 2023

Hi All,

My apologies for how late this is going out, but here is the agenda for tonight.

1. Welcome (Chris)
2. Overview on Scala Center Activities and Technical Report (Darja / Seb)
3. Scala 2 Report (Seth)
4. Updates from the community rep (Eugene)
5. Discussion on the role of community rep (Chris)
6. Madrid Discussion (Chris / Darja)
7. Voting on positions (Chris)
8. The future of Blogs on scala-lang. (Darja)
9. Any remaining business
10. Closing remarks (Chris)

As always, if you have anything to add, please let me know.

Chris
